Remove references to fabric from failover docs (#3374)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/fall-back-to-mirror.html.md

## Forcing failover to the static mirrors

Because the CDN will retry every request against the mirrors automatically if origin is unavailable, stopping Nginx on the cache machines will result in falling back to mirrors:

You will need to SSH into each box in turn and run the following commands.

SSH into the first with:

```
gds govuk connect -e production ssh cache:1
```

and run:

```

>   sudo govuk_puppet --test --disable "fail_to_mirror task (by $USER)"

Reviewer: There's no need to use `sudo` with `govuk_puppet`

Also it would be good to give the command to run to re-enable puppet as well

Alternatively, we can stop [Nginx](https://www.nginx.com/) on the cache machines, which will prevent requests hitting GOV.UK applications. Fastly will automatically retry these failed requests against the mirror.

SSH into each cache machine (you can increment box number after the colon to hit each one in turn):

```bash
$ gds govuk connect -e production ssh cache:1
```

> To disable this fallback:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Stop Nginx to force use of mirrors
```

This used to be paired with _starting_ Nginx.

```bash
$ govuk_puppet --test --disable "fail_to_mirror task (by $USER)"
$ sudo service nginx stop
```

> When required you can re-enable puppet with the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When required you can re-enable puppet, which will restart Nginx:
```

To stop Nginx on the cache machines, run the following command:

```bash

> $ gds govuk connect -e production ssh cache:1

Reviewer 2: This isn't equivalent - probably needs splitting into the Puppet step and the Nginx step as they both happen in different contexts.

Author: I think I'm missing something here - do you mean I need to be clearer about ssh-ing into multiple boxes?
Then... run disable puppet on all first, _then_ disable nginx?

Looking [at this](https://github.com/alphagov/fabric-scripts/blob/master/incident.py#L9-L12), seemed these were run one after another... on the same cash box?

Reviewer 2: Oops, I was half talking rubbish, sorry.

The steps look good, just the intro is confusing: "to stop Nginx, run...ssh" ❌.

Suggest replacing with "SSH onto each cache machine e.g.".

Author: gotcha! Yeah that's a good suggestion I'll amend now - thanks 😄!
